Development container for the Aegis robot station (#1)
AGH-CEAI/robotics_containers: README.md

# aegis_docker

> This package containes all files for building & run Docker images for the Aegis robot station.

Author: ```suggestion
This package contains all files for building & run container images for the Aegis robot station.
```
